This paper presents a solution to a hex-meshing problem known as 
Schneiders' problem, which was introduced by Robert Schneiders in 
1996. Consider a pyramid enclosed by a square and four equilateral
triangles. The exterior of the pyramid can be subdivided into an 
all-quadrilateral mesh by (1) inserting a node at the middle of 
each edge and at the center of each face and (2) connecting a node 
inserted at the center of the face with the nodes inserted on the 
edges of the face. The goal of SchneidersÅf problem is to find an 
all-hex mesh that conforms to this quadrilateral mesh. The solution 
should consist of as few elements as possible, and as well-shaped 
elements as possible. Since a solution to this problem could 
contribute to a fully automatic unstructured all-hex mesh generation 
scheme, the problem has been studied for years. However, no 
practically usable solution has been found. The smallest known 
solution has been a hexahedral mesh consisting of 118 elements. 
This paper presents a new solution to the problem that consists of 
88 elements. All elements included in the mesh are positive, and 
no two neighboring elements share more than one face. Although it 
is unknown whether 88-element solution is the smallest possible
solution, it is one step advance from the previously known 
118-element solution.
